[Autogenerated] what happened is the VPC Remember that the
function was allowed to read the systems manager,
But now the function is tied to the VPC and the VPC isn't allowed to
read from the systems manager because once again,
everything's secure by default.
So there's no user idea password,
and the application is getting stuck in the startup code where
it's expecting to have those parameters.
There is a really easy way toe.
Let the connected VPC access the systems manager,
and we get to work with another piece of AWS that we haven't seen yet.
What Will Dio is create an end point on the VPC that's
allowed to connect to the systems manager.
And what's more interesting is that an endpoint lives within the AWS Cloud.
If we were setting up the sub nets and security groups that actually
goes out to the Internet and then back in again,
so on endpoint is a more direct path.
In this case,
there is a very important point to make about the end point I'm going to use.
It's not free.
The VPC endpoint to systems manager will cost about eight U.
S.
Dollars a month.
They're not covered in the free tier of this point.
But endpoints are still the nicest solution to this problem.
So I wanna be sure you're aware of this.
And if you do implement a new endpoint while following along with the demos,
I would highly recommend deleting it shortly after.
Okay, so let's go create that endpoint.
But you can't do this in the toolkit, so we'll go back to the console,
open the service for V.
P.
C.
S and from the menu on the left scroll down to the end points
option I happened to already have two and points.
So I'm an old pro this already click create endpoint.
And since we're creating an end point to the systems manager,
the AWS services option that's pre selected is what we want.
The service name for systems Manager is named like that
policy we saw a little while ago.
It still has S m from the original name Simple Systems Manager.
So in the filter type sm,
which filters is down on Lee to services and the first one com
Amazon A W s U S East to S S m is the one we want,
not S s m message so select that,
then scroll down so we can tell it which vpc to create this endpoint on.
So we choose the VPC from the drop down list and choose plural site RTs,
which automatically also chooses the sub nets from that
VPC and the Default Security group.
So there's no need to change anything else here,
just scroll down to the bottom and click the create and point button.
It responds immediately by telling us that the endpoint was created.
But if you go back to the end point list,
refresh the list and then select the new endpoint,
you'll see that the status is still pending,
so it's created.
But AWS is doing more work on it, and that will take a few minutes.
But I promise this is the absolutely last thing we need to dio.
So I won't make you wait the two minutes and just fast forward here.
And when it's finished, I could go refresh the authors.
You are all in the browser, and finally,
there are the authors and books coming out of my RTs database
through a Lamda function that's connecting to my authors
controller in my asp dot net core application. And just to be sure, let's check the weather forecast and it's working again to